feat: add `{get|set}AccentColor` on Windows (#47741)
electron/electron: docs/api/browser-window.md

> `relaunchCommand` and `relaunchDisplayName` must always be set
> together. If one of those properties is not set, then neither will be used.

#### `win.setAccentColor(accentColor)` _Windows_

* `accentColor` boolean | string - The accent color for the window. By default, follows user preference in System Settings. Set to `false` to explicitly disable, or set the color in Hex, RGB, RGBA, HSL, HSLA or named CSS color format. Alpha values will be ignored.

Sets the system accent color and highlighting of active window border.

> #### `win.getAccentColor()` _Windows_

Author: @itsananderson we discussed this in API and the way we understood it after discussion is that the window has an accent color regardless if whether one was set here. E.g. consider it like `win.getBounds()` - a window has bounds regardless of whether they were set via `setBounds`

Sets the system accent color and highlighting of active window border.

The `accentColor` parameter accepts the following values:

* **Color string** - Sets a custom accent color using standard CSS color formats (Hex, RGB, RGBA, HSL, HSLA, or named colors). Alpha values in RGBA/HSLA formats are ignored and the color is treated as fully opaque.
* **`true`** - Uses the system's default accent color from user preferences in System Settings.
* **`false`** - Explicitly disables accent color highlighting for the window.

Examples:

```js
const win = new BrowserWindow({ frame: false })

// Set red accent color.
win.setAccentColor('#ff0000')

// RGB format (alpha ignored if present).
win.setAccentColor('rgba(255,0,0,0.5)')

// Use system accent color.
win.setAccentColor(true)

// Disable accent color.
win.setAccentColor(false)
```

#### `win.getAccentColor()` _Windows_

Returns `string | boolean` - the system accent color and highlighting of active window border in Hex RGB format.

If a color has been set for the window that differs from the system accent color, the window accent color will

> be returned. Otherwise, the system accent color will be returned, if one is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be returned. Otherwise, a boolean will be returned, with `true` indicating that the window uses the global system accent color, and `false` indicating that accent color highlighting is disabled for this window.
```
